Fetch plants from permapeople (#230)
ElektraInitiative/PermaplanT: scraper/README.md

```

_Note:_ Please make sure that the database is up-to-date with the latest migrations before running this command.

# Scraper for Permapeople

## Requirements

- nodejs v14.21.2
- npm

## Installation and Usage

1. Install dependencies

```shell
npm install && mkdir -p data
```

2. Create .env file from .env.example and fill in the required values

```shell

> cp .env.example .env

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cp .env.sample .env
```

```

> `PERMAPEOPLE_KEY_ID` and `PERMAPEOPLE_SECRET_KEY` mentioned in .env are the key ids and secret keys for the Permapeople API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`PERMAPEOPLE_KEY_ID` and `PERMAPEOPLE_SECRET_KEY` mentioned in .env are the credentials for the Permapeople API.
```
